[Feature] support ava-kinetics (#2080)
open-mmlab/mmaction2: tools/data/ava_kinetics/README.md

- `avakinetics_root`: the directory to save the ava-kinetics dataset. Defaults to `$MMACTION2/data/ava_kinetics`.
- `num_workers`: number of workers used to cut videos. Defaults to -1 and use all available cpus.

There should be about 100k videos. It is OK if some videos are missing and we will ignore them in the next steps.

## Step 4. Extract RGB Frames

This step is similar to Step 4 in [Preparing AVA](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmaction2/tree/dev-1.x/tools/data/ava#step-4-extract-rgb-and-flow).

If you have installed denseflow. You can refer to [Preparing AVA](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmaction2/tree/dev-1.x/tools/data/ava#step-4-extract-rgb-and-flow). to extract RGB frames. Here we provide a script to extract RGB frames using ffmpeg:

```shell
python3 extract_rgb_frames.py --avakinetics_root=$AVAKINETICS_ROOT \
                              [--num_workers=$NUM_WORKERS ]
```

Arguments:

- `avakinetics_root`: the directory to save the ava-kinetics dataset. Defaults to `$MMACTION2/data/ava_kinetics`.

> - `num_workers`: number of workers used to cut videos. Defaults to -1 and use all available cpus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `num_workers`: number of workers used to extract frames. Defaults to -1 and use all available cpus.
```

## Step 5. Prepare Annotations

Use `prepare_annotation.py` to prepare the training annotations. It will generate a `kinetics_train.csv` file containning the spatial-temporal annotations for the Kinetics part, localting at `$AVAKINETICS_ROOT`.

Here is the script:

```shell
python3 prepare_annotation.py --avakinetics_anotation=$AVAKINETICS_ANOTATION \
                              --avakinetics_root=$AVAKINETICS_ROOT \
                              [--num_workers=$NUM_WORKERS]
```

Arguments:

- `avakinetics_anotation`: the directory to ava-kinetics anotations. Defaults to `./ava_kinetics_v1_0`.
- `avakinetics_root`: the directory to save the ava-kinetics dataset. Defaults to `$MMACTION2/data/ava_kinetics`.

> - `num_workers`: number of workers used to cut videos. Defaults to -1 and use all available cpus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `num_workers`: number of workers used to prepare annotation. Defaults to -1 and use all available cpus.
```
